Being An Introvert at Ease

The author of this book tries her best to eliminate introverts’ anxiety about disapprovement from our society. Although she only analyses the situation in America, some basic opinions are identical in China, such as the more extroverted we are, the more successful we may be. The environment in the US sounds worse than years ago, the majority of people stuck to the point that they are born extroverts. The quiet one in school and in society was considered improper, even though quiet doesn’t equal to introvert, which seems to be generally accepted by ordinary being.

That leads to my deepest shift in the impression of the difference between Extrovert and Introvert as an ordinary being. This book spares no effort in explaining some misunderstanding of those personalities. We introverts are not shy, not misanthropic, not inept, not taciturn, so there is no need to regard it even as a pathology. Different from those who can gather legion energy after a noisy party, in our introverts’ view, we either take part in such an orgy but sit aside observing human beings or refuse to waste vitality but have time enjoying private time alone or with one friend. Thus it doesn’t mean social contact is not necessary for us, actually substantive conversation is right among our needs. And another important fact is that there are a lot of extroverted introverts. They do well in making speeches in public, expressing themselves freely, striking up pleasant conversations with anyone and so on, who behaves absolutely an extrovert loosely speaking. Without careful distinguishing, even themselves would believe they are totally an extrovert mistakenly. One of the methods to classify your personality is to ask yourself, which one you prefer, figuring out what is going on or blending in the crowd and changing something. But you need to refer to other credible definitions at the same time. By the way, I used to think I must be an extrovert, but not now, partly because I can feel an unbridgeable wall between the internal world and the real world, but someone is not.

I am glad that the author recognizes the value of fertile void and comfortable loneliness. Under the peaceful surface and our expressionless face, high awareness of the world fuels our mind and faculty. New ideas spring out and creativity never stops. We suspend the willingness to respond to other people, focusing on something that occupies our internal attention completely, which accounts for why introverts have a stereotype of silence. Also, loneliness shares no similarity with not being good at social events or making friends. After comparing two living modes, solitude works better. Being alone contributes to having enough time to do whatever I want, which equates to high-efficiency, freedom, no-disturb. Moreover, how do we define loneliness?  Being with someone really breaks that feeling of loneliness?  Or when you spend time watching movies on your own, do you feel lonely?  Just as the author wrote, you can be confident that if you don’t feel lonely, being alone is just fine.

This book not only talks about two personalities, but also gives us another point of view when facing life. All in all, this book is worth reading.
